Okay,
guys.
Um,
welcome back time for the moment of truth.
So far,
I've been building this in a macro enabled version of 2016.
01 North s.
So I'm going to do now is copy all of this code going to come here on the hit control and
end to create a new sheet.
I'm gonna hit Olsen F 11 to get back to the visual basic editor.
I'm gonna go to view Projects Explorer.
Here's my new book,
Book one.
I'm gonna insert a module,
and I'm gonna pace all of that code straight into here.
So,
So far,
so good book one dot Excel s So what I'm gonna do here is change the name of the file on
Call it monthly reporting.
I'm gonna save it as an ex l s and I'm gonna hit save.
Okay.
And now I'm gonna close 2016.
01 north.
Okay,
so here's what we have left.
We have the new month reporting on all the code that we've just written,
and what I'm gonna do is open up the North file one more time.
Okay?
Now we do need to add one more thing.
We can see that if we're on the correct,
she sell a one say's regional sales report.
So it's gonna copy that value in here.
And I'm gonna add another subroutine where the front I could have actually,
and it's in the run order.
In fact,
I'll add it into the run order.
What will say here is if range a one adult whips don't value does not equal open quotes,
Regional sales report then and now.
If we wanted to,
we could actually had a message box in there that says,
Hey,
you haven't picked the right sheet But now we know that we're going to be on the right
cheek.
So if I accidentally added a new sheet are always on the wrong sheet on,
they started execute in this code,
the code would not execute.
So delete.
Okay,
now we are on the right sheet.
So let's hit play and make sure that that works on.
Here we go.
If we zoom out and have a look at that,
we can see that that is exactly the same dates that we were working on before.
So that works perfectly.
I'm gonna say,
Do you want to save?
I'm going to say no.
I'm gonna open up south.
I'm gonna enable this.
I'm going to select the sheet.
I'm gonna hit.
Run again.
On There we go.
Hopefully we've never tested this data set before.
We can see that it forms perfectly within the boundaries.
Off that sheet on,
we have the month report.
General 2006 Southern region results sold for profit for General tooth as a 16 cells region
was 11242 If I expand that,
I was a little bit 11242 A top salesperson is Christine Faye and we could see that's true.
That looks good.
Top category game was closed in with a profit of 861 So South works perfectly Well.
Don't save.
Well,
let's try the east.
Did I double click that?
There we go east.
Okay,
we're definitely on the right sheet.
Hit,
run,
whips Run!
But Bob Allen,
zoom that out a little bit.
So this is the monthly sales report for General for the eastern region told Profit
generated has a 16 was 6164.33 Need to expand that so we can see it DoubleClick.
61463 Top salesperson asked Jenkins.
Most definitely.
1476 Most definitely clothing again,
but what was clothed into to get that right?
3436 43 642 So East works perfectly.
Well,
don't save on.
The last one we have to do is West.
So it's just open that code up.
Come here.
Hit!
Play!
Bum,
bum,
bum.
Bump on.
Let's have a look at that fat Lexus.
Expand that out.
Okay,
so the Western region generally 2016.
Absolutely.
Spot on on the top salesperson was Claire Smith.
Yes,
indeed.
It waas 1957 Yes,
it waas clothing yet again with 46 to 9.
Clothing it game with 46 to 9.
So there you go.
That is how you create a dynamic piece of code that will run all of your reporting for you
.
Now,
obviously,
when you write your own piece of code to your computer generated reports,
you'll meet a maneuver.
It's and change it a little bit to make it fit the data set that you have,
But using this section,
you'll be able to code absolutely anything.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next section.